V0.6.1 (#179)
hercules-ci/hercules-ci-agent: hercules-ci-agent/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### [0.6.1] - 2019-11-06

### Fixed

>  - Fix token leak to log caused by a library upgrade.

Reviewer: If I understand correctly the leak happened only when printing exceptions, maybe it's worth saying that it's not always the case.

Author: ```suggestion
 - Fix token leak to system log when reporting an HTTP exception. This was introduced by a library upgrade.
```
